##  Course Overview
Develop a good working knowledge of Linux using both the graphical interface and command
line, covering the major Linux distribution families.
Linux powers 100% of the world’s supercomputers, most of the servers powering the Internet,
the majority of financial trades worldwide and a billion Android devices. In short, Linux is
everywhere. It appears in many different architectures, from mainframes to server to desktop to
mobile and on a staggeringly wide variety of hardware.
Moreover, 80% of hiring managers reported that they will prioritize hiring Linux talent relative to
other skills areas in the next six months, and 47% of hiring managers saying they are more
likely to hire a candidate with Linux certification.
This course explores the various tools and techniques commonly used by Linux system
administrators and end users to achieve their day-to-day work in a Linux environment. It is
designed for experienced computer users who have limited or no previous exposure to Linux,
whether they are working in an individual or enterprise environment.
Upon completion of this training you should have a good working knowledge of Linux, from both
a graphical and command line perspective, allowing you to easily navigate through any of the
major Linux distributions. You will be able to continue your progress as either a user, system
administrator or developer using the acquired skill set.
Join the 800,000+ students who are already enrolled in this course and start your Linux journey


      Prerequisites
No previous Linux experience required for this course. However, the course does assume
familiarity with computers and common software, such as would be had from daily computer
use.

    Course Length
 40-60 hours.
    
    
    Course Learning Objectives
By the end of this course, you should be able to:
● Have a good working knowledge of Linux.
● Navigate through major Linux distributions.
● Understand configurations and graphical interface of Linux.
● Use basic command-line operations.
● Explain common applications of Linux
